After unacceptable difficulties and comprehensive considerations, I decided to rollback this project from Phase 3 back to the final sub-process of Phase 2.

Reasons:
    1. Falling and failing training: the ViT is more suitable for large amount of photos, but we only have 6000 photos approximately, so the 
       best model we reached in the pure ViT phase 3 only get 54% approximately, which is a significant drop from the Phase 2 mixed structure (78%).
       During the training, we also se underfitting problems, but most improtantly, we found that our IDSI is only suitable for the first transformer block,
       for the deeper transformer blocks, the IDSI is higher when val_acc increase, which is opposite with our expectation, but understandable because 
       the model needs to be more active to have more generalization ability.
    2. Unstability of code reaches the highest level: Because this project is fully coded by Codex, we examined the code by human and found unacceptable 
       unstability in the code. We fixed those errors as much as we can but the ViT version is still very unstable. The risk of further development is very high.
    3. Harware demand out of bound: The project is own by Harry-1391453181620 Developer Group but currently there is only one person is the group, who is poor.
       So we don't really have the GPUs and accelerators to train large ViTs, the only thing we are using now is a RTX 5070 laptop. However, there is a good news that
       we are considering purchase a DGX Spark or a 5090 eGPU in order to gain more memory and computational ability.

Implementations:
NOTE: All implementations are same on both the local repo and the remote github repo, we always let the github repo be updated.
    1. Rollback to the CNN+ViT stable version.
    2. Change the model scale from 6CNN+1Transformer to 10CNN + 2Transformer.
    3. Preserve the IDSI and Omega experimental losses.
    4. Change the image processors to float 32 instead of float 64 to decrease memory occupation.
    5. Tried training but failed because of harware.
    6. The best model is still phase_2_preserved_best_model_torch.pt
    7. The pure ViT version is now stored and TEMPORARILY untouched in a new brach "reserved-pure-vit-version" which can be accessed on both local and remote repo.

Future Plans:
    1. Expand the current Phase 2 structure as I already done.
    2. Purchase more powerful harwares.
    3. Expand the dataset largely, consider import more data from Huggingface
    4. The pure ViT version is reserved but not deleted because I consider to build a parrellel structure with mixed CNN+Transformer and Pure ViT and produce the output combinely.
    5. In the future, this model will not only be image classification, but also image segmentation, this is why I consider parrellel, ViT is more powerful in image segmentation and CNN is more compatible and convinient in image classification.
    6. The original Phase 3 plans are ALL DEPRECIATED AND WILL NEVER BE USED AGAIN, we will directly shift to Phase 4, parrellelism after the training and optimizing of the current version.
    7. The thought of plug this model into a MoE is still considered, which means the Project_Final_Goal is still valid.
    8. The IDSI and Omega loss will NOT be imposed on all blocks later, detailed implementation will be decided by further experiments.
    9. Another way might be imposing the advanced losses on all blocks but for each block a different weight of the loss (lambda) is used.
    10. The project will gradually be taken over by human during the future one year.
    11. If one day we proved that IDSI and Omega loss is rubbish for the current structure, there may be a huge reconstruction of the whole project including the definition of the losses.